apps/matrixclock/README.md, before:

# Matrix Clock

![](app.png)

## Settings
Please use the setting->App->Matrix Clock Menu to change the settings

| Setting     | Description                                                                                                        |
|-------------|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| Color       | By default set to **'theme'** to follow the theme colors. Selector also offers a selection of other colour schemes |
| Time Format | Choose between 12 hour and 24 hour time format                                                                     |
| Intensity   | Changes the number of matrix streams that are falling                                                              |

## Colour Themes

Some of the colours schemes that are available from the settings screen

| ![](matrix_green_on_black.jpg) | ![](matrix_black_on_white.jpg) |  ![](matrix_white_on_gray.jpg)    |
|-------------------------------|-------------------------------|-----|
| green on black                | white on black                |   white on gray  |



## Requests

Please reach out to adrian@adriankirk.com if you have feature requests or notice bugs.

## Creator

Made by [Adrian Kirk](mailto:adrian@adriankirk.com)

Commit message:

matrixclock: updated version and README for new "Animate while locked" setting

apps/matrixclock/README.md, after:

# Matrix Clock

![](app.png)

## Settings
Please use the setting->App->Matrix Clock Menu to change the settings

| Setting         | Description                                                                                                        |
|-----------------|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| Color           | By default set to **'theme'** to follow the theme colors. Selector also offers a selection of other colour schemes |
| Time Format     | Choose between 12 hour and 24 hour time format                                                                     |
| Intensity       | Changes the number of matrix streams that are falling                                                              |
| Animate while locked | Changes whether matrix streams fall while screen is locked ('yes' by default)                                 |

## Colour Themes

Some of the colours schemes that are available from the settings screen

| ![](matrix_green_on_black.jpg) | ![](matrix_black_on_white.jpg) |  ![](matrix_white_on_gray.jpg)    |
|-------------------------------|-------------------------------|-----|
| green on black                | white on black                |   white on gray  |



## Requests

Please reach out to adrian@adriankirk.com if you have feature requests or notice bugs.

## Creator

Made by [Adrian Kirk](mailto:adrian@adriankirk.com)
